# Startup Synchronization Problem

This problem was based on real problems that I have experienced, and is designed to model a scenario where it is critical for all threads to start before any work can be performed. In these implementations, threads must wait until all threads are ready to proceed, and the master thread must be able to return from the blocking synchronization call to perform actions if a thread fails to start.

1. This problem occurs regularly in computer science, as threads are not always guaranteed to start. In situations such as this, it is valuable to be able to detect such a failure case, and take action to fix it. Additionally, you may want to prevent other threads from performing work until all threads have started successfully, in order to maintain a consistent state in the system.

2. These solutions were both designed by me, with the first being a collaborative effort between threads, where all parties know how the system works and are willing to synchronize together. The second takes a more object-oriented approach to the problem, and abstracts much of the locking and synchronization behind an object.

   The code in the first solution is much smaller, but not necessarily as easy to understand. The object-oriented solution is quite verbose, but also easier to use for end-users. By abstracting everything behind an object, there is very minimal thought required in order to add a new thread, or to deal with the required synchronization of waiting on all threads to shut down.

   Both solutions are based on the same underlying synchronization mechanisms, and are correct. One problem with both implementations is that between the main thread timing out on thread startup and the cancellation of the threads, a thread may start successfully and trigger all threads to start. In the collaborative implementation this problem is not dealt with, however in the object-oriented implementation this is dealt with by providing a method that is to be checked periodically for cancellation. This issue is documented, and it is up to the end-user to pick a sufficient timeout that this will not occur, or structure their threads to properly check the cancellation mechanism.
